Pass CommandInterface to retry handler (fixes #1155, #1130) (#1171)
yiisoft/db: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.2 under development

- New #1170: Add `ConnectionException` class for connection-related errors; `ConvertException` now returns it instead of plain `Exception` for lost/refused connections (@your-username)

> - New #1171: Add `ConnectionRecoveryHandler` class; automatic reconnect on first connection error is now the default retry handler; pass `CommandInterface` as third argument to retry handler callback (@your-username)
> - Enh #1171: Merge `rebindBoundParams()` into `bindPendingParams()`; `bindParam()` bindings are now restored after reconnect (@your-username)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #1171: Add `ConnectionRecoveryHandler` class; automatic reconnect on first connection error is now the default retry handler; pass `CommandInterface` as third argument to retry handler callback (@bautrukevich)
- Enh #1171: Bind params are now collected and bound before execution (@bautrukevich)
```
